Add JWT examples (#63)
solo-io/gloo-mesh-use-cases: gloo-gateway/jwt/readme.md

# JWT notes

This directory has example YAMLs and JWT tokens are used in several guides for Gloo Gateway JWT policies. The JWT tokens were made using [jwt.io](jwt.io) by using the following payloads and public keys. For more information, [see the docs](https://docs.solo.io/gloo-gateway/main/policies/jwt/).

## dev-example JWT

Payload:

```json
{
  "iss": "https://dev.example.com",
  "exp": 4804324736,
  "iat": 1648651136,
  "org": "internal",
  "email": "dev1@solo.io",
  "group": "engineering",
  "scope": "is:developer"
}
```

## login-example JWT

Payload:

```json
{
  "iss": "https://login.example.com",
  "exp": 4804324736,
  "iat": 1648651136,
  "org": "external",
  "email": "user2@example.com",
  "group": "user",
  "scope": "is:reader"
}
```

## Public key

> You can provide the following public key inline in a Gloo JwtPolicy so that Gloo Gateway can validate the example JWTs in a request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide the following public key inline in a Gloo JWT policy so that Gloo Gateway can validate the example JWTs in a request.
```
